Don't forget, I tried to tell you,
When I go to recruit people from the Nuozhe, why don't you say anything?
Dad, what's the matter?
Don't tell me that you like the trip,
I don't believe this. explain,
What is your purpose for doing this? Tell me!
Yan Fang, do you think I am the kind of person who is loved by others?
I don’t know what’s going on with the development? Since some people want to watch the show,
Then I'll give it to the man to play with.
Not only did I also give him a high platform.
Moreover, I have to pay more attention to them. Please slow down on other things.
What trial class?
A little bit naughty, guess what?
That's why I won't do that anymore
Ask the police but he won't accept the temptation
You are the one I heard I wanted to send him to do.
Can you help me? What's going on?
I don’t want you like this
Not in style
Wasn't it intentional to call the police?
And didn’t my sister say nothing?
You are that girl too
I'll come back after doing it once
I almost hit your sister's face when I went there
It's better for me to die first
What do you do if you call me right away?